All right.
Now that we know what we are building let's flip over to our terminal.
We're going to create a new project directory and start doing a little bit of setup so I can go over
to my terminal.
I'm inside of a workspace directory of sorts inside of here.
I'm going to make a new project folder that I will call simply timer.
I'll then change into that directory and start at my code editor inside there once my editor is open.
I'm going to create an index not HDL file and in index start J.S. file as well.
We're going to put together a little bit of boilerplate inside this 80 mile document.
So let's get to it right away at the very top.
I'll put in my doc type of HDL I'll put in my HCM all element I'll put in a head a body and finally
a script tag with the source of index dot J.S.
Okay.
Simple enough then inside of index dot J us I'll do a quick council log that says Hi there just so we
can make sure that we correctly hooked up our index not j ust file to the H T mail file once I've got
all this stuff put together I'm going to make sure that I save both files I'll then go back over to
my terminal and open up that index not h small file once it is open I should see a console log inside
of my developer console of simply Hi there so as long as we see that that means we are good to go.
All right some pretty straightforward setup.
So now we've got this all put together.
Let's continue it in the next video and we're going to start to discuss how we're going to approach
this project and generally architect it out.